Bob and his string
Send Feedback
King Bob is in playful mood today. He started playing with string S. As he was playing, a weird question came in his mind. He wondered what is the maximum number of characters, between any two same characters in the string. He needs your help in solving this question. Can you help him solve this question?
Note: String S is composed of lowercase letters of the Latin alphabet. If there are no two same characters in the string, print -1.
Input Format:
The first line of input contains one integer T, denoting the number of test cases. 
Each of the next T line contains one string S.
Constraints:
1 < T < 10
1 < |S| < 100000, where S determines the length of the string.
String is composed of lowercase alphabets ranging from a to z.
Time limit : 1 sec
Output Format:
For each test case, output the maximum number of characters between any two same characters in the string. If there are no two same characters in the string, print -1. 
Print answer for each test case in a new line.
Sample Input 1:
2
aba
babcddc
Sample Output 1:
1
2
Explanation:
1) For string = aba
There is only one character between 2 occurrences of a.

2) For string = babcddc
There is one character between 2 occurrences of b, and 2 characters between 2 occurrences of c. So the answer is 2.






Count of Substrings
Send Feedback
Aman has found a new game on his mobile phone. The game flashes a string of digits, each digit can come from the set 0 to 9. He has to determine the count of substrings, where the count of digit C is exactly P. Can you help Aman win this game?
Input Format:
The first line contains integer t denoting the number of test cases,
For the next 2*t (2 lines for each test case), the first line contains two integers P and C, and the second line contains a string. Let us denote the string by symbol s.
Constraints:
1<=t<=10
1<=P,|s|<=1000000
0<=C<=9
Time Limit: 1 second
Output Format:
For each test case, the first and only line of output contains the answer as described in task.
Sample Input 1:
2
1 2
212
4 5
55555
Sample Output 1:
4
2
Explanation:
For First test case:
{2}, {2,1}, {1,2}, {2} are the substrings that contains digit 2 exactly 1 time.

For Second test case:
{5,5,5,5}, {5,5,5,5} are the substrings that contains digit 5 exactly 4 times .








Amaira's Grandmother
Send Feedback
Amaira is making up a hypothetical fairy tale and is telling to her grandmother who keeps interrupting her and asking her stupid intriguing questions.
 In Amaira's fairy tale, N children, denoted with numbers from 1 to N by their age (from the youngest denoted with 1, to the oldest denoted with N), embarked on a train ride. The train leaves from the station 0 and stops in order at stations 1, 2, 3 … to infinity.
 Each of the following Amaira's statements is of the form: “At stop X, child A got out”, where the order of these statements is completely arbitrary. In other words, it does not depend on the station order. Her grandmother sometimes asks a question of the form: “Based on the statements so far, of the children denoted with a number greater than or equal to B, who is the youngest child that rode for Y or less stops?” If at the moment the grandmother asks the question, it hasn’t been said so far that a child is getting off the train, we assume that the child is riding for an infinite amount of stops.
Amaira must give a correct answer to each of her grandmother’s questions, otherwise the grandmother will get mad and go to sleep. The answer must be correct in the moment when the grandmother asks the question, while it can change later given Amaira's new statements, but that doesn’t matter. Write a program that tracks Amaira's statements and answers her grandmother’s questions.
Input Format:
The first line of input contains the positive integers N and Q, the number of children and the number of statements. Each of the following Q lines describes:
● either Amaira’s statement of the form “M” X A, where “M” denotes Amaira, and X and A are positive integers  from the task,
● or her grandmother's question of the form “D” Y B, where “D” denotes the grandmother, and Y and B are positive integers from the task.
All of Amaira’s statements correspond to different children and at least one line in the input is her grandmother’s question.
Constraints:
Time limit: 1 second
2 ≤ N, Q ≤ 200 000
1 ≤ X ≤ 1 000 000 000, 1 ≤ A ≤ N
1 ≤ Y ≤ 1 000 000 000, 1 ≤ B ≤ N
Output format:
For each grandmother’s question, output the number of the required child in its own line. If no such child exists, output -1.
Input Format:
3 4
M 10 3
M 5 1
D 20 2
D 5 1
Output format:
3
1